Dimos Stathakis: Yes, Hamotzi has… evolved.
TELEPHONE_USER: Yes.
TELEPHONE_USER: But, I mean, because, like, in 2024, that was the state of the art.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah.
TELEPHONE_USER: Right? I mean, it's just insane how, from 2024 to now, It's completely, like, radically changed.
Dimos Stathakis: Exactly the point, exactly point, yeah.
TELEPHONE_USER: Right? Like, now, I've decided, this just convinced me that the right way to take notes in meetings is to dump all of your context into a notebook LLM, take the Zoom transcripts, feed it into
TELEPHONE_USER: and tell Google… tell Google this is what the meeting was about.
TELEPHONE_USER: Tell me what happens.
Dimos Stathakis: No, I mean… I mean, it works.
TELEPHONE_USER: My brain is hurting.
Nicholas Roussos: Hi, Nick, are you there?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, no, I'm there.
TELEPHONE_USER: I'm gonna turn…
Nicholas Roussos: it's just…
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, well, we'll try it one more time, and if it doesn't work, it doesn't work, alright?
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright.
Nicholas Roussos: I will.
TELEPHONE_USER: My recording, yes, you've got the transcript.
TELEPHONE_USER: Let me just see something, I think I have to see something.
TELEPHONE_USER: I'm gonna turn… I'm gonna scale down my video.
TELEPHONE_USER: So it doesn't resume all available bandwidth.
TELEPHONE_USER: There you go. Alright, you're gonna suddenly see my video, look a lot more choppy.
Dimos Stathakis: It's fine.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, I just freed up a whole bunch of bandwidth for you, Nick.
Nicholas Roussos: A whole bunch of what?
TELEPHONE_USER: Bandwidth.
Nicholas Roussos: Okay.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, so when we last left our noble adventurers, Google never lets me.
TELEPHONE_USER: If technology ever works.
TELEPHONE_USER: You guys had just entered the city of Merr Midram, you had met Pitgap, and…
TELEPHONE_USER: You had to solve… you had to, what's the word I'm looking for?
TELEPHONE_USER: You had to… Do two things.
TELEPHONE_USER: The first was to cure a demon
TELEPHONE_USER: a demon-infused giant. And you decided to do that, and the second thing.
TELEPHONE_USER: on a more personal level, was that Maram Il-Bas, add, told you that,
TELEPHONE_USER: In exchange for some… for the lexicon of oats.
TELEPHONE_USER: You would get, he would, not tell the mole masters that Belcor was the thief.
TELEPHONE_USER: Right.
TELEPHONE_USER: that Felcor has, like, driven the Wizards of Molemaster insane. Several High Inquisitors have been executed. There have been…
TELEPHONE_USER: paranoias, it's kind of like the JFK of the mole-master intellectual elite.
TELEPHONE_USER: And the idea that this is… this is a drunk
TELEPHONE_USER: And so, from their perspective, just so you know, Felcor, this is what they say. This is important, because for this next few sessions.
Nicholas Roussos: I know, I'm listening.
TELEPHONE_USER: think that… They think that the thief With some super high-powered wizard.
TELEPHONE_USER: Who stole the artifact, Extracted what they needed.
TELEPHONE_USER: And then…
TELEPHONE_USER: To demonstrate their contempt, sold it for pennies so that the mole masters would know that they didn't need it.
TELEPHONE_USER: Right? In their mind, there's this powerful wizard who saw it, figured out how to bypass all of the protections it has, and to show his contempt for them, handed it back. And so, of course, they've been spending money on new security upgrades, they've been spending money on, you know, the people have been executed, there's, like, it's like a complete, like, sort of, like.
TELEPHONE_USER: the biggest… Security violation in the history… in the history…
TELEPHONE_USER: And, of course, the truth is that your character saw this thing, you needed some money, you stole it.
TELEPHONE_USER: Because he didn't think it was worth… he stole it, didn't think it was worth very much.
TELEPHONE_USER: And then fiddled with it. By fiddling with it, you managed to
TELEPHONE_USER: put on its non… use its non-detection properties, and then sold it. And you did it so quickly that nobody noticed, that everybody… that nobody knows it's you, and nobody would think to go hunt down a…
TELEPHONE_USER: drunk apprentice of a jeweler.
TELEPHONE_USER: Does that make sense?
TELEPHONE_USER: Right, and so this has been going on in the background, and you, of course, have been completely oblivious to it, because
TELEPHONE_USER: You just discovered, in this past few weeks, that the thing you sold for 45 gold pieces was actually worth tens of thousands of gold pieces.
TELEPHONE_USER: You know, you basically sold your Bitcoin at $2.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
TELEPHONE_USER: Right?
TELEPHONE_USER: So, I just want to get… so, like, I just want to be clear, everybody, like, everybody in this area is, like, desperately looking for this document.
TELEPHONE_USER: Is desperately looking for any information related to this, and Marim Ilvas.
TELEPHONE_USER: Apparently found out that information.
TELEPHONE_USER: And is… says that if you get him the lexicon of the… of the oats.
TELEPHONE_USER: He will, not share it with anybody else.
TELEPHONE_USER: Okay.
Nicholas Roussos: Yep.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, cool. Alright. But the first thing you have to do is to go get yourself a giant.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Dimos Stathakis: Right.
TELEPHONE_USER: I'm trying to get into, Rule 20, give me a second.
TELEPHONE_USER: And the short version of this is, last we left our party.
TELEPHONE_USER: Our party infiltrated the Blackout Ember outpost through cutting deceptual and brutal efficiency. Felker's magical mischief stripped ogres of their uniforms while dying, conjured in illusory female helm-bound.
TELEPHONE_USER: Throwing the enemy into chaos before Akuta's Braumgraim, and Albear struck with devastating force. After securing the outpost and discovering potions of flying and fire giant strength hidden in the storeroom, they descended… hold on, that's not the one I wanted here.
TELEPHONE_USER: This is what I wanted. When last we left our party, they just finished turning the Black Ember Outpost into their own personal playground of chaos and deception. Between Felcor magically pantsing ogres, dying catfishing hellhounds with illusions, and a staged, weekend-at-Bernie situation with giant corpses, our heroes proved once again that subtlety is overweighted when you can just make everyone think you're dead, or resting, or whatever.
TELEPHONE_USER: After swimming through a well like the world's water
TELEPHONE_USER: World's worst water park ride, with Brom Grimm and Felcor getting a piggyback from an owl bear because, of course, they discovered that Lot basically jailbroke herself from divine prison during something called the Blink, and now the whole Underdark is having a really bad day.
TELEPHONE_USER: Now our Trump inventors find themselves in the drow, a formerly drow city that's been redecorated in early demon occupation style.
TELEPHONE_USER: Complete with fire giants and slave drow, and enough sulfur to make a chemistry teacher nervous. After rescuing an imp named Pipcap from some ogre bullies, because apparently they can't resist a damsel in distress, even when it's a literal devil, they concocted an Ocean Eleven-style heast involving stolen bed and money.
TELEPHONE_USER: betting money, a dinner party they weren't invited to, and a teleportation circle escape plan. All they have to do is kidnap a fiendish giant, start a fight between two powerful fiends.
TELEPHONE_USER: Feel a book, and get out before a mole master shows up for supper. Sounds simple, right? What could possibly go wrong?
Dimos Stathakis: Nothing.
TELEPHONE_USER: Absolutely nothing. Alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: Okay, so, if you're into World 20, they should be in the World 20 now.
Dimos Stathakis: I believe my plan is all proof.
TELEPHONE_USER: Well, it's at least… foolproof. I don't know if it's towel-proof, but it's at least foolproof. Alright, do,
TELEPHONE_USER: Okay, so, you now need to navigate from where you are, which is the Shattered tower, to the… to climb up to the six-fingered symbol where the fiendish giant lives. And to do that, you have to navigate
TELEPHONE_USER: the streets of Merrimintra, so you have to… I mean, this is not obviously the scale, but you get my point, right?
Dimos Stathakis: Nope.
TELEPHONE_USER: Now, my question to you now, as Kitschy, I've explained to you, you guys aren't drows.
Dimos Stathakis: I believe we know that.
TELEPHONE_USER: Now, I will just remind you, you can use one of your tokens
TELEPHONE_USER: To disguise yourselves as drow.
Dimos Stathakis: Or we can just be invisible.
TELEPHONE_USER: I… I was just throwing it out there.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, or you can try to move stealthily. I presume somebody has passed without trace?
Dimos Stathakis: I think, yeah, Cletus has that. Let me just check it…
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, Agritas has passed without trace.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, so your guys are gonna prove it.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, so… what is that? What stealth does that give you?
Dimos Stathakis: Buzz Without Trace,
Dimos Stathakis: Radiates a cancelling aura for 30 feet of ammunition, plus 10 on dexterity saving throws.
TELEPHONE_USER: I'm sorry, what was the plus what on 10 cars?
Dimos Stathakis: Plus 10.
TELEPHONE_USER: Detection.
TELEPHONE_USER: Okay.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright.
Dimos Stathakis: So, you really… for someone to see us and find us, you have to really be searching for us.
Dimos Stathakis: If we not fail.
TELEPHONE_USER: Well, there… I mean, basically, your passive perception has… the passive perception has to be over whatever… what is your… what is the perception?
TELEPHONE_USER: Thank you.
TELEPHONE_USER: Plus 10, right? Is that what you said?
Dimos Stathakis: Plus 10 on dexterity, still sex, yeah.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, so that would… I mean, they'd have to have over 20.
Dimos Stathakis: smoothie.
TELEPHONE_USER: So… No. How long does that spell last? Is it a concentration spell, or is it a…
Dimos Stathakis: Concentration up to 1 hour.
Nicholas Roussos: What is concentration? I didn't… I thought…
TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah, it is a concentration spell.
Dimos Stathakis: For up to 1 hour, yeah.
TELEPHONE_USER: It's crossed without trace, and it gives you… alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah. Alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: So, alright. So, are you…
TELEPHONE_USER: Moved stealthily through the, through the area?
TELEPHONE_USER: And as you're going down, you see the roasting of flesh.
TELEPHONE_USER: of a creature over one of the many braziers that burn in the city. I presume you keep walking past it.
Dimos Stathakis: I guess I don't find any usefulness on that creature.
Dimos Stathakis: Or how we're gonna save it.
TELEPHONE_USER: Yo.
TELEPHONE_USER: Hold on. Okay, so as you're walking further.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, as you're walking by…
Dimos Stathakis: Hold on.
TELEPHONE_USER: You notice… Right.
TELEPHONE_USER: All right, so you slowly navigate through the city. You see the signs of…
TELEPHONE_USER: I mean, as a non-drow, you can't help but be bemused at seeing the drow slaves of the giants.
TELEPHONE_USER: And be confused, and think to yourself, you know.
TELEPHONE_USER: Drow a slaves, what, what, what, what, how, how, how the world turns.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, as you walk, walk by, you… as you're walking by, you notice
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, so one thing you did… one thing you do recall is that Titap mentioned, as you're walking towards the… the sixth… the… the… the… what is it, the, the court of…
TELEPHONE_USER: The courtyard. You see a store.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay…
TELEPHONE_USER: A magical… a magical store.
TELEPHONE_USER: Or what looks like it would have been a magical store.
TELEPHONE_USER: Now, this is Miramidra, of course. Do you want to go inside, or do you want to keep moving along?
Dimos Stathakis: Turned… It looks like a magical store?
Dimos Stathakis: So we have no story at which…
TELEPHONE_USER: Well, I mean, you read the inscription in Elvish, in Under Dark, and it clearly says, you know.
TELEPHONE_USER: What does it say? It says… let me just give that a, it says… The Singed veal, vial.
TELEPHONE_USER: It's got the, the…
Nicholas Roussos: Why don't you just pour a little bit of it out if you… What a poor, tiny…
TELEPHONE_USER: You wanted…
Nicholas Roussos: I'll unto…
TELEPHONE_USER: weakness.
Nicholas Roussos: You could take it, poor Tiny. What?
TELEPHONE_USER: You see a magical store, and you see a sign that says, The Finged Veil.
Nicholas Roussos: I know, I know.
TELEPHONE_USER: It… Yeah, okay.
Nicholas Roussos: Is anyone in the magical store, or…
TELEPHONE_USER: You want it?
TELEPHONE_USER: Oh, do you want to go into it? That's what I'm asking.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, sure.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: Buried beneath, so it's buried beneath a drow manor.
TELEPHONE_USER: Near the ruins of the Shattered Tower.
TELEPHONE_USER: The shop is a claustrophobic pocket of air in a city of smoke. The ceiling is at the underside of a crushed marble staircase.
TELEPHONE_USER: You can see that the lightning comes from Therasis.
TELEPHONE_USER: Duffed into cracked jars, casting a sickly glow. The air smells of ozone, old blood, and… Burnt cinnamon.
TELEPHONE_USER: The appropriate… the appropriate pair is a… It's a female drow.
TELEPHONE_USER: One half of her face is beautiful, the other is a rune of stars.
TELEPHONE_USER: She wears tattered finery with ash.
Nicholas Roussos: She looks at you.
Nicholas Roussos: Do you have a way to make your audio?
TELEPHONE_USER: you're not.
Nicholas Roussos: better.
TELEPHONE_USER: Let me see if I can do that. Hold on, guys.
Nicholas Roussos: Sorry, sorry.
TELEPHONE_USER: Let me see if I can… Any food.
TELEPHONE_USER: Be able to do that.
TELEPHONE_USER: Does this work better?
Nicholas Roussos: There's not really a difference.
TELEPHONE_USER: That's not really different.
Nicholas Roussos: Also, I'm…
TELEPHONE_USER: Okay, let's work out?
Nicholas Roussos: Does this work better?
Nicholas Roussos: It's not really making a difference.
TELEPHONE_USER: Right.
TELEPHONE_USER: I don't… when I use the phone, so that my voice doesn't break up, it has this property.
TELEPHONE_USER: Let me try using the computer audio, and if that works better, great, alright?
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Hello, can you guys hear me?
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah.
Nicholas Roussos: Yes, that's better.
Kostadis Roussos: Can you hear me?
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, we can very clear it now.
Kostadis Roussos: Can you say something? Oh, I can hear you guys.
Nicholas Roussos: Hello!
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, is this better?
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah?
Nicholas Roussos: Yes, this is a lot better. Thank you.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, nope, no worries. She looks at you.
Kostadis Roussos: She says, And who are you?
Dimos Stathakis: Just some…
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, she pauses, wait.
Kostadis Roussos: You're not drow.
Kostadis Roussos: You're not giants.
Dimos Stathakis: Is that a problem?
Kostadis Roussos: We're customers.
Kostadis Roussos: Customers.
Kostadis Roussos: Customers, how did you know that I even existed? This was supposed to be secret.
Dimos Stathakis: Well, you have a big sign outside.
Kostadis Roussos: pauses.
Kostadis Roussos: The sign, people were supposed to see the sign and walk by. Did Pip Yap tell you anything?
Kostadis Roussos: That's the, imp, so… The imp. Yeah, so, I just want to be… if you're bluffing, we have to roll for bluff, we have to roll for deception.
Dimos Stathakis: No, we just don't… didn't remember the name of the imp.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, okay, so yeah, Pip Yap. Did you… did that imp… Pip Yap tell you who I was?
Dimos Stathakis: I actually have told him not to speak mad, so… Yeah…
Dimos Stathakis: Maybe that were our mistake, but… Why we shouldn't be here?
Dimos Stathakis: For our safety or yours?
Kostadis Roussos: She laughs. Safety. Safety. Safety.
Kostadis Roussos: She starts going, You see this car? This was given to me by the fire giants.
Kostadis Roussos: You realize that it's actually a branding scar.
Kostadis Roussos: Did you know that I thought the worst thing that could happen to a drow mage was to be ruled by Lolth's clerics?
Dimos Stathakis: No, to be honest, didn't think about that.
Kostadis Roussos: Bromgren goes, yes, yes, yes, please, continue. Bromgren, roll, you, you, have a…
Kostadis Roussos: Don't forget, you know something about… you have that bonus on clerical… on elven religion.
Dimos Stathakis: Dying on Elven Religion, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Would you roll?
Dimos Stathakis: So, religious?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, what's your passive religion, Chuck?
Dimos Stathakis: has a plus 3 with the plus 2 on my Elvis religion.
Kostadis Roussos: So, plus 5?
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you immediately realize that
Kostadis Roussos: She is, like, even a more bizarre thing, like an elv… a female drow mage, and typically females and female drow only become clerics.
Kostadis Roussos: And so her… her presence here is…
Kostadis Roussos: Her existence is interesting, right, because it's a rare thing. Her presence here is interesting, and you do recall that the drow mages hated Loth's clerics with an abiding passion.
Dimos Stathakis: Good question, so I think they were half… Elvis, half drow.
Dimos Stathakis: another drop.
Dimos Stathakis: A little kind of recent intro.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos Stathakis: A drow is a… Yeah, I know.
Kostadis Roussos: elves.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So there's no half-elvish.
Kostadis Roussos: So she looks at it,
Kostadis Roussos: She… she looks at him… She, she's like… What do you want?
Kostadis Roussos: Why are you here? What are you doing here? Are you… are you mad? Are you insane? Are you just… why shouldn't I just turn you over?
Kostadis Roussos: Right now!
Dimos Stathakis: Because you want.
Kostadis Roussos: She pauses. No, because you will buy some of my magical goods, and you won't turn on me, because if you show your ugly faces anywhere, they will kill you on the spot!
Nicholas Roussos: But let's be honest, it took you a minute to understand that we're not drow.
Dimos Stathakis: True.
Kostadis Roussos: No, she… it did not… she looks at you through, you know, her scarred face, and she pointed her eye… her eye… her red eye through her scarred face, kind of looks at you.
Kostadis Roussos: Then she goes, well, do you want to buy anything magical, or are you just here to.
Dimos Stathakis: what can you give us that will be worth our money, I guess?
Kostadis Roussos: She goes… Well… I have a scroll of seeming.
Nicholas Roussos: What?
Nicholas Roussos: Else seeming.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: This spell disguises a physical appearance as well as clothing, armor, weapons, and equipment.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay… Anything else?
Kostadis Roussos: it gives you for the whole party. So, if you wanted to look like
Kostadis Roussos: Just for you guys, if you wanted to… one of the things you said is, how am I gonna get into the,
Kostadis Roussos: into the tower, you can spend some money on this spell.
Dimos Stathakis: Oh, wait, I thought we had a plan to get to the… Tower.
Kostadis Roussos: You have a plan to get into the tower, but you don't have a plan… you don't… you haven't quite figured out how you're going to get into the tower, so this would allow you to disguise.
Dimos Stathakis: But if we start the war, they're gonna be…
Kostadis Roussos: The war starts after you go into the tower and convince the…
Kostadis Roussos: The war doesn't start, just to remind you, the war doesn't start by seizing the giant.
Dimos Stathakis: No, I thought by going to,
Dimos Stathakis: Where is that? The Colosseum, and then start the war.
Dimos Stathakis: Articles assume, no?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, so the dinner where everybody's going to be, what Pipyat told you is everybody's going to be at a dinner in the tower.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, but we have information that we can go to the Colosseum to start the war. No, I'm confused, with something else?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, yeah, so just to remind you, Vraxen is…
Nicholas Roussos: For sure.
Kostadis Roussos: So, yeah, so just to remind you about, like, just to keep things straight in our heads.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Braxton's a Yugolov, alright?
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah?
Kostadis Roussos: Raxon… is… so the Ugolots are kind of like the deal makers of the under… of the Abyss.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah.
Nicholas Roussos: They're devils, right?
Kostadis Roussos: They're not, they're not devils, they're the guys that sit between the demons and the devils.
Dimos Stathakis: There's a between?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, so the devils are all about the contracts.
Nicholas Roussos: They're the lawyers.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes!
Dimos Stathakis: We have a lower… well, where they would be.
Dimos Stathakis: So the Yugoloths are the lawyers. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So the devils are the bureaucrats.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, yeah, now it makes sense.
Kostadis Roussos: The demons are the gangsters, and the Ugolots are the lawyers.
Dimos Stathakis: And the mercenaries.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright?
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so whenever you need to make a deal and need it enforced, you always have a Ugoloth involved.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Why? Because if you put a devil in charge, they're gonna manipulate it for their own ends.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: If you put… if you put a demon in charge, they're gonna try to break the deal, because that's what demons do.
Dimos Stathakis: So he's literally a lawyer, yeah, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, he's… yes. Think of him as a lawyer, right?
Dimos Stathakis: An evil lawyer.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? So, Grast made this deal with these giants, alright? To infuse them with This fiendish blood, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. So, the problem is that Grassed wants to make sure that they don't go do things that Grassed doesn't want.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, what Grast wants is for the giants to go destroy everything around the giants, not to destroy themselves.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so he's hired the Ugoloth to make sure that the giants do what they promised, which is to take his blood and cause chaos in the Underdark.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so he's, like, sort of Grast's agent, and Grast is, you know, and so that's part of his job.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, I get that.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Raxon, from what Pipyat told you.
Kostadis Roussos: was… there's a Colosseum where there are fights, alright?
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah?
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so think of it as Roman Colosseum, there's gladiator matches, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: kind of thing.
Dimos Stathakis: We'll have to go to Vraxen to tell on Vapyard that he's stealing from Vraxen.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and so what Pip Yaps told you is there's a dinner tonight.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, I remember that, too. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: with Raxon, Weppard, and the agents from the Mole Masters.
Dimos Stathakis: Oh, Vapert will be on that dinner, okay, that might… that was the information I was missing, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: All three of them are gonna be at the dinner.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: The Mole Masters… now, Pepit doesn't know why all three… Pep doesn't know why all three of them are gonna be at the dinner.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, yeah, he doesn't need to know.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, but from your perspective, what you guys have inferred is the reason the magic… the Mole Masters are there is because they also know something about the Lexicon of Oaths.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, I have to start the chaos to go steal it and then leave.
Kostadis Roussos: Exactly.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Dimos Stathakis: So, my question is… How much does it cost?
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so… The scroll of seeming costs 600 gold pieces.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Nicholas Roussos: Holy crap.
Dimos Stathakis: That's a lot.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but it is… it will…
Nicholas Roussos: It'll be you.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, but like…
Kostadis Roussos: Basically, you could… so, when you think about it, you guys have to walk into… so your plan is to steal a portable hole, right? It's to put the giant in a portable hole…
Nicholas Roussos: Dad.
Kostadis Roussos: breathing operator. Yes?
Nicholas Roussos: We have croissants if you want.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, let me just finish this. Alright, so you have a portable hole, right?
Kostadis Roussos: The portable hole… It's gonna have a breathing apparatus.
Kostadis Roussos: So you're gonna have to somehow walk into this dinner party with this portable hole in a breathing apparatus, stuck to it.
Nicholas Roussos: A scroll seeming spell would allow you to, get through it.
Kostadis Roussos: Would allow you to hide that.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, I'm not saying no to that.
Dimos Stathakis: I'm trying to…
Dimos Stathakis: Understand… okay, so yeah, we have… we're going to steal the giant, and we have to disguise ourselves, or part of the team, to start the war, and then we have to leave.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and you have to do that while going into a tower that… a Ugolof.
Kostadis Roussos: Has… uses as his home base to steal a magical item that he's probably protected with all sorts of things.
Kostadis Roussos: So think of it as sort of an Ocean Elevens kind of heist.
Nicholas Roussos: It's the scene where they put the guy in the cart.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, that basically, yeah, this is an… so think of it as an Ocean Elevens heist.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, I'm not saying no, but I want to try to… I lower the price.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: She says, I do have other things.
Dimos Stathakis: Like…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I happen to have some potions of fire resistance. Three in stock!
Dimos Stathakis: Well, let me guess, they're gonna be overpriced, aren't they?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, in this.
Dimos Stathakis: Day-to-day economy.
Kostadis Roussos: this economy… She says, And you reek of the surface. You smell like crane and naive hope.
Kostadis Roussos: Why?
Nicholas Roussos: Dad, what, what do you mean, this economy? What, is there a big, artifice or bubble?
Kostadis Roussos: In this… no, actually, he said that, I didn't. I said, he goes, you say the economy, she goes, I don't know about economies, I don't know about Pareto equilibriums, I don't know about any of these things, and supply and demand. But what I do know is that I'm one of the few stores left.
Kostadis Roussos: And I've managed to collect a few items that I'm willing to sell to people whom I know will never betray me.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And you happen to fit the bill! So…
Kostadis Roussos: Take it or leave it, 300 gold pieces each.
Dimos Stathakis: Do you have something else?
Kostadis Roussos: I have…
Dimos Stathakis: Maybe some.
Kostadis Roussos: A Dust of Disappearance for 500 gold pieces.
Dimos Stathakis: Sounds useful.
Kostadis Roussos: I'll tell you what.
Dimos Stathakis: I'm guessing I throw down and disappear, yeah?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it's basically invisibility.
Nicholas Roussos: Oh shoot, we never discussed how are we gonna get the breathing apparatus to work.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, so, what do you mean? When you say how to get it to work, my assumption is that you used one of your artificer infusions to create this device.
Nicholas Roussos: Let me check something.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm rather… that's my GM ruling, just to be clear.
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, okay, no, because… The issue that occurred is that
Nicholas Roussos: infusions last for 8 hours, but it takes a long rest to create one. A long rest is 8 hours, so…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I'm… it… I… Yes, let's say all the math works out, alright?
Kostadis Roussos: This is the other constraint you guys have, is that once you put the fire giant in the portable hole, you have to be… you have to get them out of the portable hole in less than 8 hours.
Kostadis Roussos: That's why you can't just run outside.
Nicholas Roussos: 16, I can see, basically, before I dive exhaustion.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: So that's your, that's your challenge.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright? So, you have a potion of Fire Resistance, Dust of Disappearance, Scroll of Seeming.
Kostadis Roussos: And you also find… she also says,
Kostadis Roussos: Folk will rule an investigation, or an Arcana check.
Nicholas Roussos: Investigation or…
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, a role in investigation, and then in our case.
Nicholas Roussos: 20. Not natural, just 20.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you notice something very inter… you notice some…
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, never mind, infusions don't have a… infusions don't have a time limit.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. You can build them and they can last for as long as you want, until you build a new one, right?
Nicholas Roussos: Yep. Alright, we're good, never mind.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, I did not… okay. But anyway, you're still under time constraints here, because what'll happen is that after you capture one of the giants in the courtyard, people are going to start looking for you.
Kostadis Roussos: So the reason.
Dimos Stathakis: You want to create the.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, yes, they will.
Dimos Stathakis: We're gonna let an illusion there.
Dimos Stathakis: We have a time.
Nicholas Roussos: Here's a good idea. If the breathing device lasts indefinitely, why don't we just put the portable hole somewhere, put, like, an invisibility thing on it, climb into the back of the whole thing.
Nicholas Roussos: Into the portable hole, we can.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, because the giant, in the portable hole, the giant could tear you to pieces.
Nicholas Roussos: Make it sleep!
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to try that… yeah, I'm just… I'm just telling you what… well, I'm just saying.
Nicholas Roussos: No.
Kostadis Roussos: I can jury to peace.
Nicholas Roussos: What if we do this… what if they… we do this like they do in the hospital? We just put, like, an anesthetic… we just put, like, an anesthetic…
Nicholas Roussos: We put an anesthetic thing in the breathing device so that it puts it to sleep.
Kostadis Roussos: You could definitely, you could, you could use one of your, tokens to have said that you built such an aesthetic.
Nicholas Roussos: We'll cross that road when we get there.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I agree.
Dimos Stathakis: to make us use our tokens, and I don't like that.
Kostadis Roussos: trying to make sure.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I…
Nicholas Roussos: No, no, no, you are.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, let me pause for a second. Because it's a new mechanic, and it doesn't naturally come to you, I'm making sure that when there's an opportunity, you know it. I'm not trying to push you to use your tokens.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? This is really more around, I don't want you guys to go, oh, I should have used the token. I'm like, here's a place where you could use the token. Part of it is, so I'm hoping you guys remain… it remains top of mind. It's not a normal mechanic, that's the only reason I'm doing it.
Dimos Stathakis: Well, I'm trying to go on this campaign without using the tokens.
Dimos Stathakis: If we can manage this without using the tokens, that would be impressive, I would say.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so she then says, okay, so what you do find is you find some,
Kostadis Roussos: Nodes, some shattered shards of, essentially, There's this…
Kostadis Roussos: that has turned into crystals, crystalline ferzess. And you realize that you could use this to…
Kostadis Roussos: help your teleportation, the gambit to use the teleportation device?
Dimos Stathakis: So without that, we cannot use a teleportation device?
Kostadis Roussos: No, you can, it's just you're just less likely to be succe… it'll take more time to… you have to roll a set of skill checks to use the teleportation device?
Dimos Stathakis: Oh, oof.
Kostadis Roussos: This re…
Dimos Stathakis: this reduces the time it takes. Just remind me not to use my budding inspiration. Until then.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, 500 gold pieces.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay…
Dimos Stathakis: So we have the Scroll of Seeming, we have some fire-resisting potions that I don't think they're necessary… for now.
Dimos Stathakis: And we have the crystals that we kinda need to be easier to leave from here.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and there's also the dust of disappearance.
Dimos Stathakis: We have many invisibility stuff already, so I don't think we need that.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, sounds good.
Dimos Stathakis: I mean, just a critas yourself can just become invisible, so we have that.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so I've just, yeah, so I've just…
Nicholas Roussos: Okay.
Dimos Stathakis: So, I'm between trying to think if we need the scroll of seeming, or with just
Dimos Stathakis: illusions that we can generate from Felcor and Diane, we're gonna be good enough to go to the tower.
Kostadis Roussos: The big difference, the scroll of seeming also protects… seeming as a magical spell.
Kostadis Roussos: Has the property?
Kostadis Roussos: that… You can all make yourself look like
Kostadis Roussos: like, the changes wrought by this spell. Oh, don't fit… don't hold up.
Kostadis Roussos: It's an illusory appearance, right? It could make you look like a bunch of drow. If you change your appearance too much and somebody interacts with the illusory appearance.
Kostadis Roussos: it will fail.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, I know, but…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, it's something for you guys to think about.
Dimos Stathakis: Wait, what's this… Against your spell.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, by the way, by the way, by the way, you don't have to get it right now, just to be clear. You can say, we'll come back later.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, I know, I know, I'm just trying to understand, so… a grizzle can use action to inspect a target and make an intelligence check against your spells saving DC.
Dimos Stathakis: So, what is the spell-saving DC?
Kostadis Roussos: If you…
Nicholas Roussos: I want to use mine, it's 19.
Kostadis Roussos: That, yes, it's whoever casts the spell.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, so we have a pretty good saving throw, so they're not gonna understand us.
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: Right, you don't have to… turning yourselves into drown might be too much of a step, but turning yourselves… using it to hide the portable hole, for example.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, whoa.
Dimos Stathakis: Well, if we want to just hide the portable hole, we're just gonna use illusion, and we're not gonna let the other people see that.
Dimos Stathakis: Write that.
Kostadis Roussos: The other thing is that… the other thing is that, you know… so anyway, so the thing to think about is, like.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, anyway.
Dimos Stathakis: We're going to do that later, yeah. Right now, we don't think we need anything here, except the crystals, we need the crystals.
Dimos Stathakis: And better to get them now than searching them again later.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Riska, she turns to you and says, these are definitely,
Kostadis Roussos: These are definitely a rare item.
Dimos Stathakis: Well, down… down here, maybe.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, you're gonna try to negotiate with her?
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos Stathakis: Let's hope that doesn't go as bad as it probably will.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, let me see… roll a… persuasion, I guess?
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, you could try to intimidate her.
Kostadis Roussos: persuade her, or tell me, like, how you're going to convince her, like, or give me some plot… give me some plot, how you plan to convince her, and if it's clever enough, I might…
Dimos Stathakis: Can we just agree that I'm not gonna tell on you, you're not gonna tell on me, I'm gonna help you, you're gonna help me just lower the price?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so… So you see, okay, so roll a.
Nicholas Roussos: investigation or insight.
Dimos Stathakis: Abram, he has plus 9 on the inside, so he's gonna roll it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos Stathakis: 13.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well.
Dimos Stathakis: Is that the hour?
Kostadis Roussos: From Grimm…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, wait, hold on, you're a religion cleric. You have the religion. So between the two of you, you figure out that she must know Solomon Nedrazak.
Dimos Stathakis: Probably, yes, she would.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and that she probably… and… but you don't know whether she hates them, loves them, despises them, or whatnot, but that might be a tool you could,
Kostadis Roussos: use. Felcor…
Kostadis Roussos: Palkor, who was a gem, who was a gem… you were a gem guy. Can you roll a… insight?
Nicholas Roussos: Inside, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: an ad with Advantage, because you were a… you worked at GEMS.
Nicholas Roussos: Nat 20?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, what you remember is that the corals that you found in the Black Ember Outpost are a particular drow currency, which was specifically prized in Mare Medra before the fall.
Kostadis Roussos: And that she might be willing to make a better deal for that than pure gold.
Nicholas Roussos: So, you have two choices. You can try to play the.
Kostadis Roussos: Solomon… The Solomon angle, or you could try to play the Coral Gemstones angle.
Dimos Stathakis: Question, but probably not the answer.
Dimos Stathakis: How about in a case if a dent tries to use a charm person?
Dimos Stathakis: I mean, will it even work? I don't know.
Dimos Stathakis: What drows do and don't do.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, she's a drow mage, so for all you know, she has Counterspell.
Kostadis Roussos: Two, she might get really pissed off.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, so what I'm hearing is, let that be our last…
Kostadis Roussos: It's a high-risk, it's a high-risk maneuver. Let me just… just… it's a high-risk maneuver, that's all.
Dimos Stathakis: High risk, high reward maneuver, actually, but…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I mean, so you have 3 choices. You can either use the coral gemstones, I'll suggest these.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, huh?
Dimos Stathakis: We can't just go with our… the guy that we know that maybe he hates him or likes him.
Dimos Stathakis: And it's our…
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to try pro… do you want to say… do you want to ask her about, Solomon?
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, let's… let's hit that choice first. Yeah, let's go with that choice first.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so what do you say?
Dimos Stathakis: just casually dying talks to Browngreen for Solomon and trying to see her reaction.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: She, she, she… looks at you.
Kostadis Roussos: She looks at you… Ben goes… she has a look of…
Kostadis Roussos: sneer on her face when she says it. Roll an investigation to see if you can hear what she says under her breath.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Group check, group check, anybody can overhear it.
Dimos Stathakis: 13 from Diane…
Nicholas Roussos: What, what role?
Kostadis Roussos: Investigation.
Dimos Stathakis: 13, 15, 13, and 13.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. She looks at, she goes.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, she starts referring to him, a cowardly academic who fled the city at the first sign of danger.
Kostadis Roussos: And she then mutters something about surface survivors who, like, ran away, and that she left her alone to fight.
Kostadis Roussos: You don't get the impression that she likes them, how about I put it that way?
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, yeah, we got that from… the face, I believe.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you can either try to defend him, Right?
Kostadis Roussos: Or you can go dive into it, like, you could say, yeah, he's a complete sellout, I completely agree with… yes.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, he sent us to that trip to come here and do… awful stuff. We don't like him either.
Dimos Stathakis: He blackmailed us, or whatever she would like.
Kostadis Roussos: So she goes down, so she goes down that path, right? So you're going down…
Dimos Stathakis: Okay. Let's try that path.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll your deception.
Kostadis Roussos: Or, give me a line… give me a line to convince… like, tell me how you would say it. Roleplay it for a second. Either roll the dice or roleplay it.
Dimos Stathakis: So, remind me, is that the guy that saw us the path, or the guy that Felcor make the deal?
Kostadis Roussos: That's the guy who showed you the path. He's a… Solomon is the arch.
Dimos Stathakis: Oh, that guy! Oh, yeah, we don't like him, he's a narcissistic guy that he thinks he's above all, and he blackmails to come help him for some stuff.
Dimos Stathakis: Just to show us a path.
Kostadis Roussos: And she smiles at you and says, at least you aren't blind. I suppose I could give you a small discount for that.
Kostadis Roussos: And so she drops the price.
Kostadis Roussos: She drops the price from 400 gold pieces… 500 gold pieces to…
Dimos Stathakis: 400?
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Dimos Stathakis: Two colors.
Kostadis Roussos: To 450.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. The other thing, you know, remember, remember Felcor knows something about the Coral Gems stones.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, are they any use to us, or no?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, they're treasure, other than that, no.
Dimos Stathakis: Then, yeah, we can try to trade them all for a better price, like, to remove the
Dimos Stathakis: Regardless, it's been giving those.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: She looks at them and says.
Kostadis Roussos: So her demeanor suddenly softens. She goes, The old city before…
Kostadis Roussos: Before it all went to shit and Solomon betrayed us all.
Kostadis Roussos: She accepts the gems at double value, so 400 GP of Coral Gems are now worth 800 GP worth of gold.
Dimos Stathakis: So, can we… Should… can we give a portion of it? Just to cover the…
Dimos Stathakis: The gems that we want.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you can… you can get 400 gold, you can… yes.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, so, yeah, from the discount and some of the stones, that C ones, we get the gems.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, just to see…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you do have… Now, as you're sitting there, you remember that you have Solomon's notes.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And you remember that she really does… she's a magic user, and the Solomon's notes make Nedrazik look even more pathetic. And Drow love conspiracies, and they love backstabbing each other.
Dimos Stathakis: She might find these notes very valuable. At the same time, if you give them to…
Kostadis Roussos: her and Solomon ever finds out, you know, you've acquired the hatred of a 20th level Drow Wizard.
Dimos Stathakis: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: So, do you want to give her the notes, or that's…
Dimos Stathakis: no.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, enough of… or keep the discount.
Dimos Stathakis: No, we're fine for now, maybe we use that as leverage for the scroll of simming if we need it.
Nicholas Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you've sold your… you've taken your gold, and you've.
Nicholas Roussos: Yup.
Dimos Stathakis: We're just getting our gems and giving.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you managed to go through… you managed to go through the store?
Kostadis Roussos: And you arrive at the,
Kostadis Roussos: the plateau where the courtyard is. What was known as the courtyard of Loth, and now has a six-fingered
Kostadis Roussos: symbol on it, and now you have to go up this thing. Alright.
Dimos Stathakis: Could we, or can we find the giant? Can we make him come down to us?
Kostadis Roussos: not in the time frame you have. I mean, you could tell me how you would do it, but he's currently in the middle of a religious ritual.
Dimos Stathakis: Can we just make bomb sounds, and he thinks that it starts Something.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, so the thing you would… if you made bomb sounds in here, right, there's large numbers of fire giants, each of which is…
Dimos Stathakis: Freddy, they…
Kostadis Roussos: Remember, this is a city full of fire giants. Fire giants are kind of like…
Kostadis Roussos: Imagine Spark… imagine Spartans, not the real genuine article, but the one that appear in comic books.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Imagine what?
Kostadis Roussos: Spartan soldiers, the ones that appear in comic books, not the ones that actually existed.
Nicholas Roussos: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: That have got… that have gotten a little bit mad.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, so no sounds. We don't want to disrupt.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, like, if you cause an invasion, all of a sudden, they're like, yes! Something for us to do, let's charge!
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and he would never even go down from it.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, okay, so there's…
Dimos Stathakis: I'm sure there will be a way that we can distract him or trap him inside…
Dimos Stathakis: The… the hole without…
Nicholas Roussos: Like, starting a battle and knocking him out.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, well, that is def… there's def… I'd love to… I'd love to see how you pull it off. All right, but the first step is you have to get up to the callis… not to the.
Dimos Stathakis: Call reactive.
Dimos Stathakis: the courtyards.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, they have to get up to the courtyard.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, to get to the courtyard, you have to climb up…
Kostadis Roussos: you have to climb up… you have two choices. You can either try to
Kostadis Roussos: Disguise yourselves, and walk up… walk past… walk on the, bridge.
Kostadis Roussos: Or, you can try to climb Up.
Kostadis Roussos: Basically, hold on, let me just make sure I got it.
Dimos Stathakis: Or just use… how tall is the courtyard?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, let me just… let me just… let me just make sure I have the mechanics correctly. Hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: All right. Okay, so with your, stealth check… with your passive perception, you would… you could definitely climb up the plateaus without anybody noticing.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay… And should we have to roll, or not?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, you're, you're… I'm just assuming you're… but you would have to avoid falling down.
Dimos Stathakis: We're gonna do…
Kostadis Roussos: DC strength. It's a DC15 strength check.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, not it.
Nicholas Roussos: Get the Albert.
Dimos Stathakis: Wait, wait, for what? For falling down?
Kostadis Roussos: climb up. Your climate… so remember, these are.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, how much tall… how much tall is it?
Kostadis Roussos: You have to break one check.
Dimos Stathakis: I want to use psionic power to just… flyers.
Kostadis Roussos: It's 100 feet.
Dimos Stathakis: It's 100 feet!
Dimos Stathakis: Oh, come on!
Kostadis Roussos: It is 100 feet.
Dimos Stathakis: Here it's a saying that.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, so we have to climb 100 feet.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, if you make… if you tie yourselves together, you recall that,
Kostadis Roussos: You can use… if one of you starts… misses the check, then, the rest of you can make a strength check to avoid them falling completely.
Dimos Stathakis: Just a strength saving throw?
Dimos Stathakis: Or specific acrobatics, or something specific.
Kostadis Roussos: Athletics, athletics, athletics.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, I mean, yeah, we can do it, Diane has plus 8.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, everybody, roll your athletics checks.
Nicholas Roussos: Athletics? I got… Yes.
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, God, can it be anything else?
Kostadis Roussos: What is your role?
Nicholas Roussos: I have a… no, I haven't rolled, I have a minus 1 in athletics.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, for people who have a minus one, they can get onto the owlbear.
Kostadis Roussos: If there's.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, I'mma do that.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you're gonna hold onto the owlbear, yes?
Nicholas Roussos: No, that did anything.
Dimos Stathakis: I mean, Diane, Akritas, and Diane Olbert and Akritas.
Dimos Stathakis: Did very well, brown-green, not that much, and…
Dimos Stathakis: Tafael question on top of that.
Dimos Stathakis: He hasn't… he rolled an 8, but the other will have…
Nicholas Roussos: tonight.
Kostadis Roussos: So, okay, so somebody else has to roll one more athletics check to make sure he doesn't fall.
Dimos Stathakis: I mean, we have 1822 and 20 is not cool.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, that's for each of you, now you have to roll to cover up.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, and this is an opportunity for you to say something snarky to Vromgren.
Dimos Stathakis: It's not the time, no.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, oh, Rob Grimm is obsessed.
Dimos Stathakis: Alto.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, yeah, fine. Alright, you've managed to…
Kostadis Roussos: Grab onto the rope and pull him… pull the rope close to the… to the rock so he…
Kostadis Roussos: And then he's able to grab onto something and keeps climbing up.
Dimos Stathakis: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: As you reach the top of the courtyard, he looks at you and says.
Kostadis Roussos: Thank you, thank you, thank you, Diane.
Dimos Stathakis: That's what we do here, so let's…
Dimos Stathakis: find a way to steal the Zion without making… Any noise, or anything?
Kostadis Roussos: Let's try not to make any…
Dimos Stathakis: Let's just do it, a best, let's say, steal the giant without… The alarm's going off.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Caritas, you're gonna have to roll another pass without trace at this point in time.
Dimos Stathakis: Oh, okay.
Dimos Stathakis: That's fine.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Cast another one. Just mark it as a cast spell.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Atop the plateau on the western end of the cavern sit a small number of broad estates for what seemed like important giants of Merr Medra.
Kostadis Roussos: Stillaves are well-dressed, and the general fiery chaos of the rest of the city is somewhat muted here. On the southern end of the plateau stands a courtyard with a polished obsidian floor, surrounded by ebony pillars. A six-fingered hand is emblazoned
Kostadis Roussos: And the crimson… in crimson on each of the pillars, the symbol of grass.
Kostadis Roussos: You've seen it before, so…
Kostadis Roussos: As you're sitting there, you notice that nobody's around.
Kostadis Roussos: It seems quite empty. Let me see if there's a map for this.
Nicholas Roussos: There isn't really the map for this, so we'll just do it the old-fashioned way.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty, so, sounds… hold on, I'm sorry, wrong reading the…
Nicholas Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, the courtyard is empty.
Kostadis Roussos: And then just as you're… you know, so you see all these folks, and do you want to go look around, ask some questions, see what's going on, or you don't see the particular giant you're looking for?
Kostadis Roussos: there's a slave, you know, pretty much anybody who's not a fire giant is a slave. Drow, in particular, are slaves, but they can't be trusted, and they're always looking for an angle, so just… or do you want to just sit around and see what's going on?
Dimos Stathakis: Question, because I don't know how useful that spell is.
Dimos Stathakis: True Seeing from Brown Rim Level 6, if I'm not mistaken.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos Stathakis: What does it do, and where it can help us generally?
Kostadis Roussos: So, it allows you to see… it allows you to see through illusions and, things in the astral and ethereal plane that are around you. So basically, if you're in a situation where you're facing a creature that's got invisibility, or you're dealing with illusions, it lets you go through them all. It also allows you to automatically see secret doors and things like that.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, it's not like an X-ray.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, but for example, if you're trying to get…
Kostadis Roussos: But a place where it would be useful is if you're trying to get into a secret vault and you need to see all the traps, that's where it would be useful.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, it's not like we… it's like an x-ray that I can find the giant with it now, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no.
Kostadis Roussos: I presume… do you advance towards the courtyard just to see what's going on?
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, we're gonna be hiding in Luke for now, you know?
Nicholas Roussos: Yup.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you sneak up, you sneak up, you're passed without.
Nicholas Roussos: Like, hypothetically, could we…
Nicholas Roussos: Could we not just drop on the fire giant with the bag of, with the, with the portable hole open, yeet it in?
Kostadis Roussos: No, because the portable hole has a 10-foot hole, so you have to cast reduce, which you've also brought with you, and then put them in the hole.
Dimos Stathakis: Thank you, kind of…
Nicholas Roussos: Why can't we cast Reduce on it, and then just shove it, and then drop on it with the hole?
Kostadis Roussos: But you could! Oh, that's… I mean, I'm just saying, you have to cast reduce. If he's asleep, he doesn't get a saving throw. If he's not… if he's… if he's not… if he's unconscious.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, we just make him… we make him sleep, Castra to throw him in the hole.
Dimos Stathakis: And then…
Kostadis Roussos: These are all… these are all possibilities, absolutely.
Dimos Stathakis: For a juice, what saving throw does he have to roll?
Kostadis Roussos: Whatever the spellcaster's DC is. I'd have to see what that is.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay… Anyways, we're gonna find out when the time comes, but…
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Dimos Stathakis: That's the plan for now, but we don't have a sleeping spell, so probably we're gonna use a token for the sleeping spell.
Kostadis Roussos: Or a polymorph spell, or whatever, you guys can decide. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: As… so you're sitting in the plateau, and then all of a sudden, you see a powerful,
Kostadis Roussos: giants that… marching forward, with four Cambians.
Nicholas Roussos: Next to ha- next to him.
Kostadis Roussos: And you can tell that this is definitely one of those…
Kostadis Roussos: Fiendish-born giants. It's the leathery wings, the horns, and the extra eye.
Dimos Stathakis: Next try.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos Stathakis: What do you mean by within XRI?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, so instead of having two eyes.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? It's got a third one right here.
Dimos Stathakis: So that's the giant we want.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes. I mean, if you… if you… if the fact that the giant is moving forward and approaching the altar and about to say, you know, prayers for Grast.
Kostadis Roussos: Or cami… what?
Dimos Stathakis: It wasn't enough to understand that he was a Zion who wanted.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, the, wings, the eye…
Kostadis Roussos: And the horns kind of also gave it away.
Dimos Stathakis: Hmm.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, so we kind of have to isolate him.
Dimos Stathakis: And… reduce… Hole, and leave.
Kostadis Roussos: And he's on a polished obsidian surface, and there's, essentially these pillars around it, and from what you can tell, there seems to be nobody here.
Dimos Stathakis: Oh, okay.
Dimos Stathakis: That's good.
Dimos Stathakis: So…
Kostadis Roussos: Because he does… you know, you figure out that he's a typical fire giant, is arrogant, full of himself.
Kostadis Roussos: And now that he's demon-powered, it's even more so, right? So he's assuming that nobody can hurt him or touch him.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay…
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, so, yeah, we're probably gonna be needing the sleep… The slip's spelled right.
Dimos Stathakis: Is it enough that we… Human cultures?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so it's a… yes, so the way you can make a creature unconscious is with what's known as… you can knock them down to zero hit points.
Dimos Stathakis: Right? Yeah, we're not doing that.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on. There are some rules about zero hit points. You can use all sorts of damage you want up to zero hit points.
Dimos Stathakis: Not with him.
Kostadis Roussos: The thing that brings them to zero hit points has to be a melee attack.
Kostadis Roussos: With a weapon.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, okay, I get that, but we're not gonna…
Dimos Stathakis: He tried to fight one of the archae Islands.
Kostadis Roussos: I just… I just want to make sure you got… with his four… with his Legion of Doom.
Dimos Stathakis: So, how good of a wisdom does they have?
Kostadis Roussos: So, the only thing you have to be aware of is that the way the sleep spell works is one of the Cambians could wake him up.
Dimos Stathakis: We have silence.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, wake him up by hitting him.
Dimos Stathakis: But if he's alone…
Kostadis Roussos: Remember, he's with the… he's marched onto the courtyard with the fire giant and four Cambians.
Kostadis Roussos: So let me just put the battle map here so that you know. Let me just do this so that there's no confusion, right?
Kostadis Roussos: I mean…
Dimos Stathakis: And we don't have the blind spell, do we?
Kostadis Roussos: Which one? Which one's both?
Dimos Stathakis: It's like the silence, but they create a dark sphere that you cannot see inside.
Kostadis Roussos: That's a darkness spell, that's what you're asking.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah.
Dimos Stathakis: We don't have that either, come on.
Nicholas Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so let me just do this right.
Nicholas Roussos: Where…
Dimos Stathakis: So, for the sleep spell, they have to roll twice to get unconscious.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so the sleep fell… Doesn't quite work the way it used to work.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, that's what I'm reading.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, if you can knock him unconscious, it saves you combat, right? So it's not a bad strategy, but it's not an automatic thing. Does that make sense?
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, but battling it is not a good… a good strategy right now.
Dimos Stathakis: How many designs did you say 4?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, only one.
Dimos Stathakis: Wait, you said there was the… The big giant.
Kostadis Roussos: are not… here, let me just… alright.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, what are the small features?
Kostadis Roussos: Are you guys on this map? Yes, you're on the map. Okay. So.
Dimos Stathakis: Those were the cabins, but what does that mean?
Kostadis Roussos: So, Cambians, here, I'll just share with you.
Kostadis Roussos: You've met these guys before, so… Alright, you should see it.
Dimos Stathakis: We have met them?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you met them twice.
Kostadis Roussos: You met them… the first time you met them was in… when you… when you visited Hillsfar?
Kostadis Roussos: And the two twins, and the daughters, she was a…
Kostadis Roussos: She was a Cambium. Then you met them again, when…
Dimos Stathakis: No, they were such a bus.
Dimos Stathakis: Where did they…
Kostadis Roussos: You're suck… Okay, sorry, you're right, succubus, not camians. No, I don't…
Kostadis Roussos: I don't think you've met these guys. Anyway.
Kostadis Roussos: These are.
Dimos Stathakis: Strong devils or demons stuff.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, partly human.
Dimos Stathakis: They look cool.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Well, you know, if you're gonna be a devil, you might as well look cool or look really darn right scary.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay. So.
Dimos Stathakis: Are they playable characters, or are they just creatures?
Kostadis Roussos: They're just creatures.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, everything's a playable character if you want the GM, if you want the G… if you guys want to do that, so…
Kostadis Roussos: If you want to make a deal.
Nicholas Roussos: What type do you want?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm saying, if you want to make a deal with a demon, I'm happy to have you make a deal with a demon. A devil.
Dimos Stathakis: No, no, I'm just thinking my next Hub character can be a Gabeon or not.
Dimos Stathakis: Anyways, that's.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, these are the pillars.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: Correct.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, so, the giant walks up to the first pillar.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm assuming you guys are over there, right?
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, he walks up to the first pillar, and he says, he starts muttering…
Kostadis Roussos: Starts muttering things about Grast, and talking about power,
Kostadis Roussos: Praising Grast, praising the power, promising to destroy it, and what you notice, he's speaking in Ebisal.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know if you actually, guys, any of you speak Abishal, but he's def… you definitely get the impression of, you know, it's typical, you know, praise grasped, praise this power, we will destroy the world.
Dimos Stathakis: Is it important to understand him or not?
Kostadis Roussos: No, he says, in the center of the plaza, six towering pillars of ebony rise.
Kostadis Roussos: At the top of each pillar, a symbol burns. A pale, six-fingered hand, the mark of grass, the dark prince.
Kostadis Roussos: Floating in the 20 feet in the air, the four Cambians hover like vultures, their leathery wings beating a slow, hypnotic rhythm. They chant in a low, vibrating, harbissal harmony that makes your teeth ache. As they chant, they extend their hands, firing rays of crackling black and green fire into the pillar, igniting it
Kostadis Roussos: Igniting it.
Kostadis Roussos: But they're… they're dwarfed by the figure in the center. Brander stands 18 feet tall, a monolith of obsidian plate armor and flowing black robes.
Kostadis Roussos: She is a fiend-born fire giant, twisted by the blood of the abyss. Massive, vestigial, leathery wings twitch from her shoulder, and a crown of jagged horns pierces her brow. Her skin is the collar of cooling lava, but her eyes burn with a cold, intelligent green light.
Kostadis Roussos: The light of a creature that has traded its giant heritage for demonic power. She raises a great sword that looks like it was forged from a slice of a midnight sky. Her voice moons, shaking the very stones beneath your feet.
Kostadis Roussos: The pillar is kindled! The shadowed grows! The overbright burn as an offering to the Prince of Pleasure! We are the spark! We are the Rumin!
Kostadis Roussos: She turns, her gaze sweeping the courtyard.
Kostadis Roussos: She doesn't just look, she hunts, but she doesn't see you. Alright, and she moves to the next pillar, and the ritual will continue.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, just for FYI, Akritas actually knows Abyssal.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so he heard the whole ritual. I thought one of you, I thought one of you spoke Epistol. Alright, same ritual.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay… So.
Kostadis Roussos: Just to make things just a little bit interesting. You're not sure…
Dimos Stathakis: I would answer for.
Kostadis Roussos: But… I'm just saying, you're not sure, but…
Nicholas Roussos: In the past.
Kostadis Roussos: You've noticed how, what's the word I'm looking for?
Kostadis Roussos: fire. When… in these kinds of rituals.
Kostadis Roussos: Fire sometimes turns… actually acts as a power amplifier.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you might want to just think about that as you're,
Kostadis Roussos: So as he… as he adds… as the ritual progresses, he may or may not become more powerful.
Dimos Stathakis: us or him?
Kostadis Roussos: Jim.
Kostadis Roussos: Her, rather her.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, so…
Dimos Stathakis: What I was thinking is to go through some of the pillars and get ready to do our plan.
Kostadis Roussos: So she's… she's definitely moving in a circle, right? So you're…
Kostadis Roussos: Is your plan to go over, like, pick the pillar you want to go to, and we'll take it from there. Let's roll for initiative, then.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, trying to still find the way to not battle.
Nicholas Roussos: How much age points do they…
Dimos Stathakis: Other creatures have.
Kostadis Roussos: They're pretty buff.
Dimos Stathakis: They seem like they're very buffed.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you're very buffed as well, so it's not like…
Dimos Stathakis: Yum…
Kostadis Roussos: It's a tough fight, just to be clear.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, I know it's a tough fight, so that's why I'm trying… so, we have to make him… make her sleep and start attacking the other guys without hitting her.
Kostadis Roussos: You can hit her, you just can't get her down to zero hit points.
Dimos Stathakis: No, no, I don't want to hit you, because I want her to go asleep.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos Stathakis: So, what I'm thinking is, probably,
Dimos Stathakis: 4… we're gonna do a 4v4, and one of them will be ready to react if someone goes hits her.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Provided the sleep spell works, of course.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, yeah, of course.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos Stathakis: So, I guess we're gonna be having, an…
Dimos Stathakis: Extra round, because they have not noticed us.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, so, so I'm, yes, but let me just, let me just put the, fair grant…
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, so we are rolling for initiative, Nick, initiative.
Kostadis Roussos: Nick, do you have any suggestions on how to make this… to improve this plan, or are you good?
Nicholas Roussos: I think it's good. Yeah, sorry.
Dimos Stathakis: Really? Oh, come on.
Nicholas Roussos: What?
Dimos Stathakis: The Olbury Road Initiative with the advantage got a 3.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, it's… Pass with that trace for the win. Alright.
Dimos Stathakis: Sony culture, initiative.
Nicholas Roussos: My initiative.
Dimos Stathakis: initiative.
Nicholas Roussos: When we go to it.
Nicholas Roussos: 8.
Dimos Stathakis: We have some very bad initiative, only dying within not 20… oh, come on.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, let me just adjust this.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, we'll sit down.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well, I think this is the right… this is the right level of complexity for this combat.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, role initiative.
Kostadis Roussos: But… Alright, Diane, you guys, I presume so… Alright.
Dimos Stathakis: J… Oh, come on, what are those ACs?
Kostadis Roussos: Right. Alright, so the Fire Giant…
Kostadis Roussos: The Fire Giant is completing the ritual. They… now that they've completed this ritual, they still haven't seen you, because they're focused on the ritual, and they can't imagine anybody being here, because they would be mad to fight Grandeer. You can see her name.
Dimos Stathakis: No.
Dimos Stathakis: Anyway, we can also…
Nicholas Roussos: Before we start the combat, it's 9.30.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, let's, we'll start, we'll, we'll, we'll, we will, then let's start at…
Kostadis Roussos: Let's stop here, alright? Does that make sense?
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, hold on, let me just make sure you guys can see things. Save settings… let me give these guys numbers.
Dimos Stathakis: So, for the sleep spell, Wisdom saving throw.
Dimos Stathakis: What's the role? Is it the DC… safe DC of the Spellcaster?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. It's always the spell DC of the spellcaster, unless it's a, a wand, in which case it's whatever the spell DC of the wand or the magical item.
Dimos Stathakis: So what I'm hearing is the slip should be made out of Felcor that has a 19.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know what… or Bromgrim, he also has a very high spell DC.
Dimos Stathakis: 17.
Kostadis Roussos: Here?
Kostadis Roussos: Falkord is. But Felcro has got access to the Wand of the War Mage, I think, which gives him a bonus.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, so we are probably gonna use a token that fell or learned sleep.
Kostadis Roussos: Learn Sleeper has a sleep scroll.
Dimos Stathakis: I mean, sleep sounds like a useful… Spell, in general.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? There are alternatives, like, for example, there's Hold Monster.
Dimos Stathakis: Oh, hold my…
Nicholas Roussos: No, the reason we want to do sleep is because then Shrink won't have a…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, alright, okay, just, just to keep you, keep it in mind. Alright, so we'll stop here.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Vimos, if you have any ideas of variations on the spells you want, just tell me and we'll use those, alright?
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, I will… Try to search them and let me know.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I mean, if you do otherwise, sleep is a totally fine thing.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. You guys had fun?
Nicholas Roussos: Yep. Yep.
Dimos Stathakis: Dude, I want to say… Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: I just… just for the record, I have spent a lot of time making this whole encounter to be a little bit more chal- to be different than what it was originally planned, so…
Kostadis Roussos: are having fun.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, I understand that.
Kostadis Roussos: Hope you guys are having fun.
Dimos Stathakis: Well, I'm not a fan of the idea of the next battle, but we're gonna dance.
Kostadis Roussos: Yup.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Dimos Stathakis: I don't know who's gonna be hitting, but yeah.
Dimos Stathakis: we might have to be very on the spells that doesn't need to hit the AC, and they have to roll.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos Stathakis: We're gonna see, we're gonna see.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Nicholas Roussos: Alright, folks.
Dimos Stathakis: So yeah, I'll see you next week.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Nicholas Roussos: Bye. Bye.